welcome everyone to the fair and fitness
facebook page oh my what's going on
everyone Greg Ferris your affairs for
fitness and today we do it a supplement
review / mussel farms combat protein
powder so it will be for the video guys
everyone this video is long overdue I
told you guys I was going to do this
supplement review quite a long time ago
i'm actually getting to it now because i
wanted to actually get you know kind of
thorough review and helped many people
as I can so if you're not familiar with
my other supplement reviews I do have
several the other kind of it for some
people but I think they could help a lot
of people out as well so this one is
gonna be unique so I'm going to talk
about mussel farms combat power big fan
of this I wanted to share with you guys
a few of the reasons why i like this
product and engages some general
information that they can be helpful
when you're selecting any protein
product right
first thing I want to talk about this
video is a macro the macro nutrient
profile of the actual product you guys
probably one of the biggest things you
can think about when you're you're
buying a protein product neo-soul them
have high fat super high car you know
you have to take into consideration how
much protein X getting purser being so
want to quickly break that down guys I
think this will vary a little bit from
flavor the flavor but it shouldn't be
too big of a difference this is the
chocolate peanut butter flavor one scoop
is about 35 grams the total scoop you're
going to get 25 grams of protein 5 grams
of carbohydrate and a gram and a half of
fat so again a lot of companies throwing
a little bit of fat a little bit of
carbohydrate for flavoring purposes
getting the fact and it has a thicker
consistency about 25 grams of protein in
a 35 grams group it's pretty good it's
not known as pure a baby like an optimum
nutrition like I so curious hope you
like that but be getting usually
sacrifice taste a little bit because I
for the other macro nutrients so overall
say it's very good
see a profile of it and tell them that
you know if if that's actually what's in
the product yes it's solid but there's
so much you have to consider when
they'll actually selecting a company do
they produce the GOP certified facility
you don't want if your collegiate
athlete if you're a natural bodybuilder
power or something you don't want all
that hard work go to waste pretty much
just because you took no creatine or a
protein powder that had some some other
stuff in it it was paying so if your
recreational lifter still you know
there's been a rat feces and protein
powder before and you know there's tons
of stuff look into it you really don't
know like the history I guess behind
what a lot of supplement companies do so
I definitely recommend always going for
quality even if you have to pay a little
bit more so that being said muscle form
is it does produce the GMP certified
facility in SF sort of fight as well so
quality shouldn't be a problem again
it's not a hundred percent guarantee but
it does you a little bit of reassurance
every thing i want to touch on guys this
price again price plays a big role in
which protein pena should buy because
again is there's a ton of them out there
so Wade wasn't actually has quality do
you like the taste you like the price
you as you kind of have all variables
with selecting a protein powder so um
this is all bodybuilding com so it may
vary a little bit but in general you're
going to find my blue icon is pretty
much the best prices you're going to
find online so with a four pound
container this actually a two-pound
container but I did a four pound
container just so I can compare it to a
few other protein powders in the market
the four panel container is at seventy
four cents per serving so per scoop for
the muscle form again that's going to be
regardless of what flavor you get it is
to compare that to some other you know
popular protein products the optimum
nutrition five-pound container again is
69 cents per serving so that's a little
bit more economical a little bit cheaper
though just a few cents but then
compared to something like syntha-6 is
about ninety-eight cents per serving so
again it's kind of a middle-of-the-road
protein we talking about price per
serving but you get a 74 cents for first
service is pretty good is probably going
to be relatively oh the cheap side
compared to most protein products
they're talking about ice leaving 25
grams per serving
because I like the taste doesn't mean
you're going to like the taste but I
figured I'd give it some input at least
I didn't get the chocolate peanut butter
flavor and not going to lie one of the
big reasons I did try the products
because it did have that chocolate
peanut butter flavor the big fan big fan
of chocolate peanut butter and also
usually the blended protein sin to have
a thicker consistency to actually like
that figure consistencies I post like a
way that's going to have you know a
little bit thinner and the casey is
usually going to have you know a lot
bigger so you know you need a blend of
the two is usually going to be there for
me at least the consistency that I like
so overall one of the best tasting
protein powders I've tried so in my
opinion or probably not going to have a
troubled time with it but again with
most protein products i recommend you
try to get a sample maybe your friends
try to try it there's out before you go
and buy your 30 40 50 bucks on a product
and then you may or may not like to
taste
last thing i want to touch on guys was
how this products a little bit unique
from other ones again I'm not saying
this is a huge deal just something to
consider talking about it's a blended
protein so what I mean by that is
sometimes you see a whey protein or
Casey and protein or soy protein or
whatever this has several different
kinds of protein in it oh it doesn't
actually give you the amount of each one
but it's whey protein concentrate whey
protein isolate a hydro isolate which
you know should it be Compton is there
whey protein and then micellar casein
and eggs well when they have you know
some added aminos and I'm not going to
get into the you know flavors and things
like that but essentially you're getting
a mix of way casey and egg how big the
difference that's going to make is
probably pretty minimal but again way
usually takes care of you know enhancing
protein synthesis casey usually takes
care of decreasing protein breakdown so
those two kind of combine provides an
optimal environment for for building
muscle in a sense again how much that's
going to make a difference you know
mixed needles and throughout the day is
pretty up to debate but again another
thing to consider is sometimes a way to
really hide certain amino acids and
that's lacking in others while Casey in
or you know any other protein source may
be high in those ones is the ways
lacking so you kind of get a variety of
amino acid sources again that's why I
typically recommend that people get a
variety of protein sources and not just
you know all that from egg or chicken or
way or whatever so some things to
consider if you really want to think
about that and they get my hat said the
blended proteins generally you know just
my opinion have a little bit thicker
consistency in a better taste
for the review guys again this was
muscle forms combat powder chocolate
beet peanut butter flavor if you want to
try this out how i recommend find it
online you know it's usually going to be
a little bit cheaper there than locally
unless you get a sale or something again
I'm not saying this is going to be
superior to other protein products and
reviewed or maybe the one you're taking
I just wanted to give an objective view
about it about all the things that I've
talked about to help you know other
people make a better decision for
themselves so thank you guys for
watching it again if you like the video
make sure to like it subscribe to my
channel if you like it I'll make sure to
go like these fairs for fitness facebook
page as well so that's it for the video
guys until then I'll more your stuff
coming soon